>> Kevin Powell: Now there's
one thing that we don't see
right now because my
screen is a little small.
But if we were to go full screen
with this, that we might notice,
I used the autofit no, it's good,
sorry that if we go here and
I choose that I want the summer, that
my one card is stretching super large.
Or if I do the spring same thing,
the cards are really big.
And this is because of some advice I
gave you, saying that Auto-fit is what
you always want, and
Auto-fit is almost always what you want.
It's definitely what I use
90 to 95% of the time.
But in a situation like this, where you
potentially could have less content in it.
If there's less content, that content,
it won't make empty grid cells.
It's just gonna make those cells take
up as much space as they can take up.
That's the Auto-fit.
If instead of doing that,
we actually go to our styles here.
And we'll find that Auto-fit.
If I change this from Auto-fit
to Auto-fill instead.
Let me go full screen again.
When we don't have a lot of items, it
just creates empty cells instead of that
are fitting in that same way
that it would work before.
So if you have all of them, it works, and
you have all the grids
like you would expect.
But then when you do come down
to having less than four, and
you won't see this impact unless there's
less than four or less than three,
depending on how you have
how wide your screen is.
But then you'll end up with
the empty spaces here.
This depends on what you
prefer in this situation.
It's one of those rare ones where
I do feel like Auto-fill is
the actual better option.
So if you are gonna change it here,
I would come here and
also change the name of it just so
it matches the two of them.
If you don't mind the card stretching and
you think you prefer that layout,
then stay with the Auto-fill.
But I thought this is a nice example
of when Auto-fill actually does come
in in handy.
And just if you do run
into that one situation,
knowing that the alternative one is
there and that you can have one or
the other depending on the type of content
you have, and with dynamic content.
I would say this is the one time often
where Auto-fit makes more sense,
whereas if you have set content,
that's just not changing,
most of the time, I find like
Auto-fill is the one that I lean on.
If I change it all there, of course,
I also have to come in my HTML and
I need to change this to
great Auto-fill as well.
It could be useful to keep the Auto-fit,
duplicate it and have an Auto-fill and
an Auto-fit, then you can use the one
you need in any situation and
just have it there waiting for you.
But I would just leave it like this,
because we don't need it, and
having unneeded CSS is one way
to blow file unnecessarily, so
we'll keep it with what we need for
this project.
But just know that you have those
two options if you need them.
>> Student: Why do you use the hidden
instead of visibility hidden?
>> Kevin Powell: If I remember right,
let's just do it here really fast.
So yeah, visibility hidden.
Let's do it on my card.
Its all of them.
>> Kevin Powell: .Card, visibility,
hidden with visibility hidden,
the problem is it does hide them,
it takes them away visually,
but they still take up
room in the document.
So it I don't have a lot of good there
are times where visibility hidden
can be useful if you need
especially if it's something that
needs that space to come in or out of.
But because it reserves the space for
it, even while it's not there.
And the hidden attribute, again,
all it's doing is a display, none.
So we're just literally removing it.
So also from an accessibility point of
view, if somebody were to filter it.
Actually, I think the visibility
affects the accessibility tree too, but
I'd have to look into that.
But, yeah, that's the main thing.
If you need to reserve the space for it,
visibility hidden, if not displayed on or
the hidden attribute.
Whenever you have filters like this,
you'll definitely run into
situations where nothing matches.
There we go, so in the spring,
nothing is edible, and
this is one of the drawbacks of the CSS
only solution, because if this happens.
What are you gonna do to tell like it's
just weird that there's nothing there you
it feels broken more than it
feels like something else.
So in a situation like this, I find it
useful to come in just with a very quick,
and I'm just gonna copy
it from the lesson here.
But just having a div or a paragraph or
something that's saying that
there's no matches for that filter.
And you can include that.
I'm just gonna put it at the bottom,
all the way down.
I should have collapsed my cards.
It's a really long code block cuz
we have a lot of cards there.
>> Kevin Powell: I can see it at the top,
that's my Auto-fill.
So right after that auto fill probably,
I can put this in where it's saying
no-matches for these filters, and
I'm including the hidden attribute on
there to start with cuz I don't want
that to show up as a default, right?
If I don't include that here down all
the way at the bottom of my filter here,
I'd have the no matches.
So it's putting the hidden on there.
It gets a display none, and it's gone.
And then what we want to do is,
if the user comes through and
they get spring edible, we can show
that when they run into this situation.
So to be able to do that,
we wanna jump back over to our
mushroom filter right here.
And the first thing we want
to do is we do need to find,
we need to be able to toggle that.
So all the way at the top here,
we can come and say that we have the cons
of we'll call it no results message
something very clear that we can do and
use query selector once
again to find that.
In this case,
I just had the class on there.
If you have an ID or
something else, you can select it.
If we take a look,
we have the class of new matches.
So, I can know matches right there.
Now there's different ways
that you could approach this.
But for me, the easiest way to do it is
one summary goes through the filter here.
We wanna check if anything matches.
So in our filter cards here what we
could do is we could come in and
say, we can get that let has
VisibleCards is actually gonna
be equal to false to start with.
As a starting point just cuz it's
gonna make it a little bit easier
than toggling it in another way.
And then what we can do is,
when we get this,
where all of these things are matching,
so we're saying it's false by default.
But then in this situation,
where we actually do have matches, so
we're showing our card, we could then say
that has visible cards is equal to true.
So if we do that, and
let's try that again, spring and edible.
So now let's come here really fast,
and just at the end here
we can just console log that
console log has visible cards,
and we should be able to check,
inspect, go over to our console.
And when we switch Spring,
we can see the true is coming in.
There's 11 visible cards coming right now.
So it's giving us how many we have.
So let's go to Edible now.
And we're getting false for all of them.
Whereas before,
we were getting one false in all of them..
But now all of the cards
are returning false here.
So we know that this is actually working
properly in that we have no visible cards.
So then instead of doing this,
what we could say is,
if has visible cards are no results
noResultsMessage.hidden = true,
else then the noResultsMessage.hidden
is equal to false.
And if you wanna use a ternary operator or
something a little
bit more concise here,
there's no harm in that at all.
But now it should be that if
we do spring let's, yeah,
spring we have our two that
are there that's fine.
But if we go over to edible,
because there's nothing matching
that our has visible cards is false.
So it's going and it's saying that it's
removing that hidden attribute from there.
Then as soon as we make a change here,
and I say this summer, and
we're getting our summer ones in.
We have visible cards, so there is
true that's getting returned to here.
So then we're turning that back off,
over to hidden right here.
One thing you could also do here is
the styling of it, just if you wanted to,
if I come to the edible in the spring,
where we don't have any thing.
It is a little bit small.
So if you want to fancy up the styling of
that or do something a bit more with it,
by all means you can.
I'm just gonna leave it like that for
now, but
you can make it larger and
more obvious what it's actually,
just to make sure users actually see it,
if you'd like to.